to drop shapes or logo everything
simply
choose in the forms go
start with the shapes
we will take the leblanc you
select dropped see click for
deposit possibility to enlarge it from the
turn so we're going to do
always in this style
take you move them
and choose a little trick for the example
to take this click
to deposit
m
simply
no
what can we take
this one in a few words selected
we click to impose my room
says it's okay that's not the
piece
it
you also have possibility of rank
selected to move
I like that
when it works we drop
ben 10
but
here anika
then there is a button that is very
useful is the final rendering to remove
everything that is all round so
there we see that it is disabled tip
breasts if you click activate
it's magic the turn disappears and you
really have the final rendering of your
room so we'll continue flying
disabled for shapes it's not bad
we will put some logos so
from here a whole logo palette we're going
search them ranked by alpha ba
alphabetical yes so suddenly if you
want logos ya less high than this
is at the moment in front of the
bench so I'm taught white
selection on removal to enlarge
the story for me
I take a little writing month
selection of breaks repositions a
a bit
1/2 final activated and beautiful ruffles
creations